in the not-too-distant future a vengeful
cat angry that his food was stolen by
another sends a lone warrior back in
time to strike at the eater and
reacquire the morsels this is the story
of the perma nater what do you want I've
been seen from the future to terminate
your cat Martens what why at 3 or 4 p.m.
July 1st
she annihilated your other cat in
Louie's ration of morsels she ate his
food affirmative sure you came back in
time like 20 minutes affirmative
yeah I can just give him more food did
my mission here is complete I think I'm
self-terminate you must lower me into
this - you
what's steal if you want you can just
like hang out on the couch or something
affirmative
I need transportation why where are you
going with you - it's not a very big
apartment I think you can walk it's cool
ooh if I ride gives me a motorcycle no
that's too dangerous
what am I going to drive I know now why
humans cry seriously TP 1000 terminated
I'll be back
I'm back
I must return back to the future open my
time portal I don't know what you mean
by I must return back to the future open
my time portal did you know my mouth
with mortals dialling Marcelo no I will
terminate you I'm sorry you feel that
way can we at least be friends No